* The Maintenence Crew

* Concept Statement
  You are an independent worker who specializes in maintaining critical systems. You are tasked with
  taking on jobs to repair various equipment across many planets.  Though these planets have some guests
  who can sometimes seem a bit unfriendly.

* Genre 
  - Horror
** Tags
   - Multiplayer & Singleplayer
   - Co-Op
   - PvE
   - First-Person
   - Procedural Generation

* Target Audience
  - More mature players due to the various ways which the player can die

* Unique Selling Points
  - Fully Co-Op experience where teamwork is absolutely necessary, but singleplayer is still standout though far more difficult
  - Tiered reward system which encourages speed and efficiency
  - Equipment which can help accelerate the completion of the job, but not directly combat foes.
  - NPC behavior changes based on behavior which player exhibits.

* Player Experience and Game POV
** The Player
   The player and his friends work together to fufill job requests at a small systems maintenence company
   they have established.  The player is an expert at fixing and repairing electrical systems at any time, even at night.

   The player's crew specialize in night jobs due to the urgency in their completion and are more than happy
   to recieve additional compensation for their work.

** The Setting
   Humanity have colonized many planets in a new solar system.  There have been many technological challenges
   in achieving stability due to the various obstacles each planet poses.  Much of the burden in stability has thus
   been placed on maintennce workers across large companies and independent contracters such as the main party.
  
   Each planet has a unique set of creatures and plant life, however as people continued to colonize these planets
   it began to become apparent that they were not the only ones. These creatures are referred to as the *Vexi*

*** Planets
**** Orion
     Orion is characterized by overscaled and massive plantlife with equally overscaled creatures to match.
**** Dunst
     Dunst is characterized by deadly and hot deserts with huge canyon scapes.
**** Aquarius
     Aquarious is fully submerged in liquid water with lots of aquatic life.

** Game POV
   Once the player lands on the work location, the player needs to explore to find the areas that need their
   assistance.  These areas are given in the mission statement by the NPC requesting the service.  Through exploration,
   players may find parts disheveled from where they are supposed to be and need to return them and apply a
   repair.  Repairs consist of mini-task like games where the player needs to commit some level of time to repair.
   Time is a resource since the more time the player spends on the mission, the more dangerous it begins.

* Core Loops
** Work Based Economy Loop
   - Completing missions earns money
   - Obtaining items which make more missions available and/or easier requires money.
** Internal Mission Feedback Loop
   - Completing objectives results in difficulty increases as the mission progresses
   - Time restrictions enforces efficiency before the mission difficulty goes too high
* Objectives and Progression
  - Items open the door to more dangerous and higher paying missions but also increase risk since items are permanently lost after death.
** Items and Replacement-Parts 
   - Items are tools for the player, whilst parts are used to complete missions with higher requirements.
*** Items
    - *Flashlight*: helps player complete objectives by providing a layer of safety
    - *Compass*: helps player not get lost.
    - *Backpack*: helps player transport more items deeper into the level
*** Replacement-Parts 
    - *Small Generator*: restore power to key locations
    - *Medium Generator*: larger generator for more power hungry objectives
    - *Large Generator*: largest generator for the most power hungry objectives


